councilman jim harbaugh standard
lookin at phor Thor one stock do right
the end of the fourth tab trooper you'd
have time there's a lot of momentum guys
were fighting or continue to fight we
come out to say that our last penna
Richard read more laterally 29 yards
Matthew how do you get him going he's
not anything he's playing next place for
my item got this boss alright thanks I'd
say intensity when capitalize here are
Bill all right thank so much Jim no come
on you guys to hear he wants me to talk
to the quarterback because it's his
moment to me to come on over here savita
can you just talk about how you were
able to come out here upset the number
one team in the nation what does this
mean to you the first of all I said is
from my dad one hundred percent he
couldn't make it tonight he was doing a
wedding and this is all for him and it's
for the glory of God right here he's
bringing up one man upstairs take this
back to the bottom where you knew you'd
have to come in and start for TCO
surrender your first big start against
the number one team in the nation how
did you deal with preparation oh man you
know able to heck of a week we just we
compare ourselves we know we have to
focus on what we were going to do and
I'm just coming here and do what we do
best you know don't focus on them folks
on us I think well I think we did that
and it seems to me that the moment came
down step forth ago you through the
touchdown in the back and don't take us
back to that moment what if it to see
that point you know I finish the way
there well you know I mean as a blow to
play the game
fortigate come on saw when I saw kash
daniel mark rappers other than great
receiver the line did great all night I
knew we had it I know in a bottom are we
were going to get that and we did you
made history congratulation thank you
run five takeaways in the second half
for that Stanford deepest because the
greatest feeling I think I've ever felt
and I filled with my players on this
love we're so close right now Greg
ripping the program how about to be the
richer coming in with his first start
how did she help him manage the game in
the way he played and managed all the
tough defense and just a moment this is
just saw something and I'm earlier in
the wind just the way he carried himself
did it back down one bit he's dream
warrior we found one right there hey you
have you have a team that was 10 11 last
year you've been talking about a culture
change what does it win like this do to
help you change the culture at Stanford
that's what your attention still got
seven to go we're going to enjoy this
when I'm dressed you know this this game
of all time around this team and I may
have seen performances like this and why
they happen you know I can't quite tell
you that my team it this shouldn't this
shouldn't even compute at all but then
that's why play the game it's just a
shame you know quite so hard we fought
so hard in organisms is home field
feeling motivated onion so that it's a
pressure to meet it they have to get a
pair of all right thanks offbeat
you know what you talk about your
energies to go in with not we just
didn't make it i'm not going to worry
about that i'm going to make sure we
come back and play well in the second
half and we put a final debadged office
and we will just have getting a lot done
here so we will we'll get this done in a
cap on flat let's go make a video x and
y are you guys struggling to move the
ball consistently backup of all as you
know wait guys open and stuff like that
and we just gotta be a little bit better
what will be our X camera did nice job
down a nun colon alright thanks me run
always confident feat